Yo
It's all here, hahahaha, that's easy to handle.
Who are you and who am I don't matter
Here's the thing.
It's really pretty.
No wonder my son is fascinated by you
Boy he is my woman
You better be honest with me
What? Your woman?
You have a KTV service provider, and you also match it.
What do you think, Mr. Lin?
None of your business
Yes, since you don't toast
Then eat the penalty bar
Kid, get him under control
Come with me!
What? You asked me to keep him under control?
Is there something wrong with your brain?
Do you think there is a problem?
Hey, let me show you something
Hey, stop hitting, stop hitting
I really don't know where my brother is
Little sister, have you seen it clearly?
If you want your sister to live, you have to listen to me
How dare you threaten me?
You understand it this way
I don't deny it either
Hahaha very good
Damn you dare to hit me